---
id: 502
title: 'Grandpa Iacobucci (1910 &#8211; 2008)'
date: 2008-12-13T10:03:57+00:00
author: matth
layout: post
guid: http://propri.us/wp/?p=502
permalink: /2008/12/13/grandpa-iacobucci-1910-2008/
aktt_tweeted:
  - "1"
  - "1"
  - "1"
categories:
  - (intro)Spection
  - Family
---
Luigi Iacobucci, 98 passed away December 7, 2008.

He was born in Castel DiSangro, Italy where he was a shepherd until he came to America in 1928. He lived the rest of his life in Akron, OH. Luigi was proud of his American citizenship and his service in the Civilian COnservation Corps. He retired from B.F. Goodrich in 1975. He was a member of St. Martha Church where his family christened him &#8216;Archbishop of instant bingo sales&#8217;. His hobby was his beautiful garden that he shared with family and friends, he put his heart and soul into making it as bountiful as could be.

Preceded in death by the love and passion of his life, his wife of 62 years,Carmel; grandson, Andrew; sisters, Assunta Rocci and Anna DiLullo, Luigi is survived by his daughter Christna (Dave) Hippely of Middlefield, OH, sons, Dom (Flo) Iacobucci of Tallmadge, OH, Rick (Nancy) Iacobuci of Beavecreek, OH, and Paul (Sue) Iacobucci of Macedonia, OH; 14 grandchildren; 11 great-grandchildren; and sister Marie Liberatore of Pittsburgh, OH. The family of Luigi would like to thank the administration and staff of the Village at St. Edwards, especially the 3rd floor nursing staff for their loving care, concern and dedication to<!--more--> Luigi and also the care provided by Asera Care.

Mass of Christian burial was at 11 a.m. Friday, December 12, 2008 at St. Edward Chapel, 3131 Smith Rd., Fairlawn, OH 44333. Burial will follow at Holy Cross Cemetary. Friends were beÃ‚Â receivedÃ‚Â from 9:30 am. until the time of Mass at St. Edward. In Lieu of flowers the family requests donations be made to the Village of St. Edward or to HPC Foundation in care of Asera Care, 2820 W. Market St., Ste 100, Akron, OH 44333.