---
id: 951
title: load-file and grep
date: 2009-04-08T12:18:05+00:00
author: matth
layout: post
guid: http://propri.us/wp/?p=951
permalink: /2009/04/08/load-file/
aktt_tweeted:
  - "1"
  - "1"
  - "1"
categories:
  - Computing
  - Emacs
  - php
---
M-x load-file is my emacs lisp friend. I am playing around with fizzbuzz.el and got tired of C-x C-e after an expression of C-j inside one so I googled around and learned about load-file. 

> load-file is an interactive compiled Lisp function in \`files.el&#8217;.
  
> (load-file file)
> 
> Load the Lisp file named file. 

Just what I wanted to do, run my code all at once. If I had more time I could even bind a custom keystroke in my init file and not have to type all of that text out. Now if I could only figure out why only half of the numbers are printed to the \*Messages\* buffer? If I run the command with C-x C-e it does the same thing the first time, but on subsequent tries it will put all of the output I am expecting. 

And, I figured out how to use grep from inside of emacs. I can&#8217;t wait to have a change to try it out in my sandbox rather than on silly html forms. 

Still getting the php yy_blah () out of memory error. So if I restart the server and the issue goes away, what does that mean? php has a limit on the amout of<!--more--> memory it can have and use, not sure about apache though. The issue seems to be when the page needs to read or write from the database. I wonder if 1) php is not letting go of the memory its using to access the db. If so is that something thats configured on the db or in php.ini? 2) would dtrace help me find the bug? 3) if I upgraded the server OS and php would that fix the issue. 

In the interest of not losing an entire weekend I&#8217;ll try #3 first since I can pull most of what I want from my backup disk after the upgrade. If, after the upgrade, the errors still happen I&#8217;ll have access to dtrace and maybe that will give me a clue as to whats going on down there. I need to back up and dump my dbs first. but perhaps this weekend if I don&#8217;t get any more x-file dvd&#8217;s from netflix.