---
id: 2833
title: PreK Girl
date: 2011-11-07T22:11:18+00:00
author: matth
layout: post
guid: http://hippeelee.com/blog/?p=2833
permalink: /2011/11/07/prek-girl/
categories:
  - (intro)Spection
  - Hannah
  - Milestone
---
Today was Hannahs first day in the PreK class at primrose. Complete with new jumper uniform and excitement that bounced &#8211; she grows up one milestone at a time and all to fast. When she tries my patience and wants to &#8216;play games&#8217; at 5:15 in the morning it helps me to remember that she won&#8217;t always want me to play with her and these opportunities are rare.

This morning, Julie was trying to take a picture of her but Hannah was being camera shy. I know she missed the cutoff date because of her birthday but something tells me that it is going to be up to me and Julie to keep her interested in learning the things that spark her creativity and interests. With the realization that there is never a good time to raise taxes but the general public doesn&#8217;t seem to understand that you get what you pay for. If we cut budgets and funding for teachers and education we will get what we pay for. While I can vote for things like Colorado&#8217;s prop 103 because I believe in it there isn&#8217;t much I can do to help increase funding for schools. What I can do is<!--more--> pay attention to Hannah as she grows and nurture her interests with useful knowledge that builds on the basics. Hopefully her schools will be able to teach her those. 

So far her biggest interests include doing art projects: painting, coloring, cutting and stapeling and taping paper together, and singing. She really does enjoy singing and she even knows some words to Jack Johnson songs and when she gets excited she will bounce around the room without stopping. Going and going she seems to have an endless supply of (unfocused) energy. It is my job to teach her how to focus.