---
id: 1887
title: Mission
date: 2011-04-11T08:41:40+00:00
author: matth
layout: post
guid: http://hippeelee.com/blog/?p=1887
permalink: /2011/04/11/mission/
categories:
  - (intro)Spection
tags:
  - in5
---
The next part asks me to think about and determine my mission statement. Because of how I read I shortened it to mission and substitute focus in several places where that made more sense to me.

There are a few inspirational quotes from famous and successful people and the book offers a few suggestions fo refining your own mission. For me that means I need to keep it short and concise &#8211; focused. But I started out pretty verbose, rambling almost as a wrote a few paragraphs about all of my grandiose ideas over the years.

As I wrote, my mind wandered and focused on the people who are most important to me. This automatically associated my grand ideas with them and I ended up with lots of details. I deleted the details but retained the association of important people in my life with important things to do with and for them. As I re-worked the text it expanded and contracted and gave clues to the direction I want to travel.

What is my mission? I like to be creative. It doesn&#8217;t matter if I am finding a fun line down the slope or trying to find an easier way to get<!--more--> Hannah to want what I want, sans as much drama as possible. I like learning and helping people. I live on the glass half full side of the road, but understand the motivation that leads to the other side.

**Here is my mission:**

<h3 style="text-align: center;">
  I use knowledge and creativity to create beauty and understanding in life.
</h3>

&nbsp;