---
id: 2754
title: Solo Ride
date: 2011-10-02T08:08:25+00:00
author: matth
layout: post
guid: http://hippeelee.com/blog/?p=2754
permalink: /2011/10/02/solo-ride/
categories:
  - Hannah
  - Julie
  - Milestone
  - Pets
---
Julie and Hannah did some Fall maintenance on our pets. After doing that they went for a ride. Hannah rode by herself and learned to steer BoBo in a circle. Watch &#8230;



Later, a very lucky Mr. Kee Kee narrowly escaped becoming a coyote dinner. The coyote jumped the fence chasing him into the neighbors yard. I chansed the coyote away once and then went and got shoes and a flash light. I was gone less than a minute when Mr. Coyote jumped back over. I threw a river rock at him and shooed him away over the hill that sits between us and hole twelve. 

A very pissed Mr Kee Kee went to the vet to get checked out. The conclusion is that he was very lucky and Julie and I have decided to enlist Hannah&#8217;s help in keeping Mr. Kee Kee inside &#8211; permanently. Julie did mention that she saw a few unlucky mice (bones) in the x-ray they took of Mr. Kee Kee when he was getting checked out. 

I wish we got the pictures of our e-rays. From personal experience I wish I had a collection of all mine. Not only would it help me keep track of<!--more--> the injuries (pre-blogging days included) that I have sustained but I think x-ray pictures are pretty cool. 

While I don&#8217;t feel any animosity towards the coyote &#8211; he is just doing what he needs to do to get by. It was a little upsetting to see the ease with which he jumped the fence. With the days getting shorter and Hannah&#8217;s increased independence moving around the house and the yard she could be out there when it&#8217;s dark. I think the dogs help but there are only two. For Mr. Kee Kee &#8211; I think he is going to be a pain for a while. Hell, we had brought him in at 5pm last night. He opened the screen door and went back out. I am guessing because hunting at night is more natural to him. Now he knows that there are bigger fish in this pond but I think he will still try to get out once he gets over this episode.