---
id: 2299
title: Pura Vida
date: 2011-05-18T07:14:10+00:00
author: matth
layout: post
guid: http://hippeelee.com/blog/?p=2299
permalink: /2011/05/18/pura-vida/
categories:
  - (intro)Spection
  - Family
tags:
  - CostRica
---
This is the first Internet access in almost a week. Pura Vida seems to be local slang for &#8220;it&#8217;s all good&#8221; or &#8220;no worries.&#8221; For sure that can describe the past few days.

Monteverde was lush &#8211; the biodiversity is amazing. I&#8217;m going to have to re-read EO Wilsons book &#8220;The Diversity of Life&#8221; again because it was about places like this. We spent a day in the national park and our guide was very knowledgable of the flora and fauna. She especially liked birds. Besides the forest I saw signs of mountain biking in the area and would be very excited to come back and ride here&#8230;

After a too short stay in our almost private resort we drove down the coast to Manuel Antonio and went diving yesterday. Despite the murky visibility we saw a lot ot wildlife. Today the plan is to hike the national park here and end up at the beach. Hannah has gotten a lot of pool time but only a little beach time so far. 

I&#8217;ve gotten some really good pictures but I can&#8217;t post them yet. I&#8217;m using Julies iPad to post this and besides the annoying typing corrections, it lacks the ability to post<!--more--> pictures to that new fangled Internet thing. Apple will catch up soon and abandon the walled garden model facebook copied from aol &#8211; I&#8217;m sure of it. The full length feature is in the works and will get posted to YouTube as soon as editing on my laptop is complete. 

Until I can get on the Internet again &#8211; Pura Vida.