---
id: 5731
title: Editors
date: 2014-02-27T16:50:12+00:00
author: matth
layout: post
guid: http://hippeelee.com/?p=5731
permalink: /2014/02/27/editors/
categories:
  - (intro)Spection
  - JavaScript
---
I had neglected the editor setup on my personal laptop for a while. The only thing that was even close was emacs because I really like org-mode as catch all for things that I want to version control and drag around with me. At work I had started to really like Sublime Text 2 but didn&#8217;t know until after I bought it that it was going away and the license doesn&#8217;t count for ST3. Oh well, I can live with ST2 until it dies.<!--more-->

As I move on from Zumbox I am moving the customizations from version control onto the personal laptop, sans anything not appropriate. In order to stay current with AngulrJS I restarted an app from the ground up to [scratch an itch](http://hippeelee.com/2014/02/onreme/ "OnReMe") of mine. This will let me keep playing and have something to show if anyone is interested in what I have ben coding lately. It also is the tip of an iceberg that (i feel) is largely ignored by technology today, probably because its not part of the low hanging fruit and people don&#8217;t realize that it is worth paying for. What is weird is that at home I have started to use a dual editor approach for angular: ST2 because its more pleasant to edit in than IntelliJ (Ultimate) or emacs and IntelliJ for debugging because its better than the built in browser dev tools for the way I think.

Batarang is cool but I am still learning how to use it effectively and more often than not, I find myself distracted with exploring the tool rather than solving the issue that took me to the tool in the first place. Also, I prefer to develop with Safari and then fire up a virtual machine for IE testing. It&#8217;s not that Chrome is bad, but it does feel more invasive in an area that I don&#8217;t think it should be interested in unless I opt into.