---
id: 2577
title: Clean Up
date: 2011-08-13T21:04:25+00:00
author: matth
layout: post
guid: http://hippeelee.com/blog/?p=2577
permalink: /2011/08/13/clean-up/
categories:
  - (intro)Spection
---
Today was clean up day and investigate day. I started off with getting the murano&#8217;s tires rotated and then brought it back home for closer inspection of the pads and rotors. They all looked ok. there was a hard to notice groove or ridge in the driver side rear rotor but hard to notice. I&#8217;m not sure whats making the sound but I did notice that the front driver side shock seems to (slowly) be leaking something or something is leaking from above it. The bottom half of the boot was trashed so I removed it and it now matches the passenger side.

Did some watering and planted the grasses on the west side of the deck. They are supposed to grow 3-5 feet wide and 6-8 feet tall. We shall see how they do onec the roots veture out of the topsoil I placed them in. The only thing left to complete my summer project is to buy one large wall block and 2-4 toppers. Then I can rent a saw and make the cuts so that the toppers do not have gaps in them and the ends are flush and can be used as steps.

I saw a hunter walking in<!--more--> my yard today. KeeKee walked up to the deck with a snake in his mouth. Went straight for the only (easy) way under the deck and, I assume, had a mid-afternoon snack. I believe some call it siesta or tea time. Oh yeah, look out mice in the garage stealing grass seed and putting it in annoying spaces. Mr. KeeKee is going to get some lights out there this fall.

Tonight, Julie and I sat and watched the garden grow while the moon rose and the sun set. I got some decent pictures of the moon and a few clouds that were passing buy during that magical time when the light reflects off the clouds in gorgeous tones of white, gray and orange. The oranges range from a deep, fiery reddish to pale flame color that looks like a candle burning out.

Once I got my computer back from J I looked into roses. I came across a candidate that I like. It meets the requirements I have for color and size. It is called **Cardinal Hume** and was bred by Harkness, UK 1984.