---
id: 5709
title: OnReMe
date: 2014-02-20T15:32:43+00:00
author: matth
layout: post
guid: http://hippeelee.com/?p=5709
permalink: /2014/02/20/onreme/
categories:
  - (intro)Spection
  - Computing
  - JavaScript
  - Visual Thought
---
Zumbox is winding down and I&#8217;m iterating through updated versions of my resume and cover letter. I&#8217;ve been testing the water around TO this week and there are opportunities for sure. Doing the new browser client in AngularJS was very fortuitous.

I was lucky to take an Angular path to some more JS enlightenment* [here](http://www.bennadel.com/blog/2439-My-Experience-With-AngularJS-The-Super-heroic-JavaScript-MVW-Framework.htm). It&#8217;s highs for me were:

  * Scope, $scope and direct binding to the DOM elements
  * Directives as reusable widgets
  * Factory services with the builder pattern for extending an objects functionlity
  * [Promises, Promises](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XLaYaaq2Miw) and [Promise Anti-Patterns](http://taoofcode.net/promise-anti-patterns/)

I&#8217;m still going up (and down 🙂 ) &#8211; every time I drop into the angular source code to trace or debug issues I am treated to a mind expanding experience. And it&#8217;s very humbling.

<!--more-->

#### I Have An Itch

When we relocated to Thousand Oaks I went through the process of crafting a general template (isn) cover letter and resume and LinkedIn used to be an ok place to create and share a resume. Not so much any more even though its become the de-facto standard for maintaining a &#8216;professional&#8217; image and professional connections.

#### I Can Make Back Scratchers

Here is I want:

  * Simple editing for various parts
  * Ability to generate an elegant typeset pdf on demand rather than storing files
  * Ability to publish and share a version
  * Ability to track visits for the owner and perhaps add GA since they are free

The first pricing model that pops into my head is: free to publish one resume and one cover letter. $10 per year to publish unlimited versions so that each version can be targeted at a specific opportunity and you can track interest in it. Other things that might help it sell are be tools to help people write well by showing them how to refine the existing content and, upgraded &#8216;themes&#8217; and layouts that impose constraints while showing them how to craft and iterate on it.

One other, a pro upgrade (or whatever) I call it would be ability to send links to peer review a version with annotation and comments and for a one off fee &#8211; the ability to connect to a professional resource that can take an initial version and tweak multiple versions for someone who either doesn&#8217;t have the time or writing skill to reduce their message.

This was prompted by the response to the first version of this round I published and showed to some folks on the team. Since we are all in the same boat and we are agile, we seemed to have extended the pairing & code review process for our job searches. I got very good feedback &#8211; the most import point being something that I told myself I needed to fix but hadn&#8217;t gone back for another round of editing yet.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;